README.md, before:

# AWS SDK Core [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/aws/aws-sdk-core-ruby.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/aws/aws-sdk-core-ruby) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/aws/aws-sdk-core-ruby.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/aws/aws-sdk-core-ruby)

This library is in a developer preview period.

We are working on version 2 of the official AWS SDK for Ruby.  This library
is the first part of our v2 strategy.  AWS SDK Core is an updated set of
service clients.  Our goal is to make them more flexible and extensible
than the clients in version 1 of the Ruby SDK.

For version 1.0 of the Ruby SDK, see [aws/aws-sdk-ruby](http://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-ruby).

## Links of Interest

* [Documentation](http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/sdkforruby/api/frames.html)
* [Release Notes](http://aws.amazon.com/releasenotes/SDK/Ruby/Core)
* [Issues](http://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-core-ruby/issues)
* [Forums](https://forums.aws.amazon.com/forum.jspa?forumID=125)
* [License](http://aws.amazon.com/apache2.0/)

## Installation

You can install the AWS SDK Core from rubygems:

    gem install aws-sdk-core --pre

If you are using Bundler, we recommend that you express a major version
dependency (this library uses [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/)):

    gem 'aws-sdk-core', '~> 2.0'

Until the final release becomes available on Rubygems, leave off the version
dependency in your Gemfile so Bundler can find it.

**Note:** AWS SDK Core requires Ruby 1.9.3+.

## Configuration

At a minimum, you need to configure your AWS account access credentials and a
default region.  You can supply these globally or per service object.

```ruby
require 'aws-sdk-core'

# Aws.config is used for default configuration.
# You can construct service object with the same options.
Aws.config = { access_key_id: '...', secret_access_key: '...', region: 'us-west-2' }
```

Additionally, the SDK will attempt to load these options from `ENV`:

    export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID='...'
    export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY='...'
    export AWS_REGION='us-west-2'

## Basic Usage

To make a request, you need to construct a service client.

```ruby
s3 = Aws::S3.new
s3 = Aws.s3 # helper method returns a new client
```

Each client provides one operation per API operation. Refer to the
[API documentation](http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/sdkforruby/api/frames.html)
for a complete list of available methods.

```ruby
# get a list of buckets in Amazon S3
resp = s3.list_buckets
puts resp.buckets.map(&:name)
```

API methods each accept a hash of params and return a structured response.

```ruby
resp = s3.list_objects(bucket: 'aws-sdk-core', max_keys: 2)
resp.contents.each do |object|
  puts "#{object.key} => #{object.etag}"
end
```

## Interactive Console

AWS SDK Core ships with a REPL that acts as an interactive console. You
can access the REPL by running `aws.rb` from the command line.

```ruby
$ aws.rb
Aws> ec2.describe_instances.reservations.first.instances.first
<struct
 instance_id="i-1234567",
 image_id="ami-7654321",
 state=<struct  code=16, name="running">,
 ...>
```

Call `#service_classes` to get a list of available service helpers and
the class they construct.

```ruby
Aws> service_classes
{:autoscaling=>Aws::AutoScaling,
 :cloudformation=>Aws::CloudFormation,
 :cloudfront=>Aws::CloudFront,
 :cloudsearch=>Aws::CloudSearch,
 ...
 :swf=>Aws::SWF}
```

## Versioning

This project uses [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/). When the project
leaves the developer preview state, we will continue by versioning from
`2.0`.  Until then, all versions will be suffixed by a release candidate
version.

## Supported Services

| Service Name                        | Service Class             | API Versions                   |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| Amazon CloudFront                   | Aws::CloudFront           | 2012-05-05 &mdash; 2013-08-26  |
| Amazon CloudSearch                  | Aws::CloudSearch          | 2011-02-01                     |
| Amazon CloudWatch                   | Aws::CloudWatch           | 2010-08-01                     |
| Amazon DynamoDB                     | Aws::DynamoDB             | 2011-12-05 &mdash; 2012-08-10  |
| Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud        | Aws::EC2                  | 2013-06-15 &mdash; 2013-10-01  |
| Amazon Elastic MapReduce            | Aws::EMR                  | 2009-03-31                     |
| Amazon Elastic Transcoder           | Aws::ElasticTranscoder    | 2012-09-25                     |
| Amazon ElastiCache                  | Aws::ElastiCache          | 2012-11-15 &mdash; 2013-06-15  |
| Amazon Glacier                      | Aws::Glacier              | 2012-06-01                     |
| Amazon Redshift                     | Aws::Redshift             | 2012-12-01                     |
| Amazon Relational Database Service  | Aws::RDS                  | 2013-01-10 &mdash; 2013-05-15  |
| Amazon Route 53                     | Aws::Route53              | 2012-12-12                     |
| Amazon Simple Email Service         | Aws::SES                  | 2010-12-01                     |
| Amazon Simple Notification Service  | Aws::SNS                  | 2010-03-31                     |
| Amazon Simple Queue Service         | Aws::SQS                  | 2012-11-05                     |
| Amazon Simple Storage Service       | Aws::S3                   | 2006-03-01                     |
| Amazon Simple Workflow Service      | Aws::SWF                  | 2012-01-25                     |
| Amazon SimpleDB                     | Aws::SDB                  | 2009-04-15                     |
| Auto Scaling                        | Aws::AutoScaling          | 2011-01-01                     |
| AWS CloudFormation                  | Aws::CloudFormation       | 2010-05-15                     |
| AWS Data Pipeline                   | Aws::DataPipeline         | 2012-10-29                     |
| AWS Direct Connect                  | Aws::DirectConnect        | 2012-10-25                     |
| AWS Elastic Beanstalk               | Aws::ElasticBeanstalk     | 2010-12-01                     |
| AWS Identity and Access Management  | Aws::IAM                  | 2010-05-08                     |
| AWS Import/Export                   | Aws::ImportExport         | 2010-06-01                     |
| AWS OpsWorks                        | Aws::OpsWorks             | 2013-02-18                     |
| AWS Security Token Service          | Aws::STS                  | 2011-06-15                     |
| AWS Storage Gateway                 | Aws::StorageGateway       | 2012-06-30 &mdash; 2013-06-30  |
| AWS Support                         | Aws::Support              | 2013-04-15                     |
| Elastic Load Balancing              | Aws::ElasticLoadBalancing | 2012-06-01                     |

## License

This library is distributed under the
[apache license, version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)

```no-highlight
copyright 2013. amazon web services, inc. all rights reserved.

licensed under the apache license, version 2.0 (the "license");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the license.
you may obtain a copy of the license at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/license-2.0

unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the license is distributed on an "as is" basis,
without warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied.
see the license for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the license.
```

Commit message:

PageableResponse is now enumerable.
You can enumerate all pages of a response using `#each_page`
which is also aliased as `#each`.

    s3.list_objects(bucket:'bucket-name').each |resp|
      puts resp.contents.map(&:key)
    end

README.md, after:

# AWS SDK Core [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/aws/aws-sdk-core-ruby.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/aws/aws-sdk-core-ruby) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/aws/aws-sdk-core-ruby.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/aws/aws-sdk-core-ruby)

This library is in a developer preview period.

We are working on version 2 of the official AWS SDK for Ruby.  This library
is the first part of our v2 strategy.  AWS SDK Core is an updated set of
service clients.  Our goal is to make them more flexible and extensible
than the clients in version 1 of the Ruby SDK.

For version 1.0 of the Ruby SDK, see [aws/aws-sdk-ruby](http://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-ruby).

## Links of Interest

* [Documentation](http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/sdkforruby/api/frames.html)
* [Release Notes](http://aws.amazon.com/releasenotes/SDK/Ruby/Core)
* [Issues](http://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-core-ruby/issues)
* [Forums](https://forums.aws.amazon.com/forum.jspa?forumID=125)
* [License](http://aws.amazon.com/apache2.0/)

## Installation

You can install the AWS SDK Core from rubygems:

    gem install aws-sdk-core --pre

If you are using Bundler, we recommend that you express a major version
dependency (this library uses [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/)):

    gem 'aws-sdk-core', '~> 2.0'

Until the final release becomes available on Rubygems, leave off the version
dependency in your Gemfile so Bundler can find it.

**Note:** AWS SDK Core requires Ruby 1.9.3+.

## Configuration

At a minimum, you need to configure your AWS account access credentials and a
default region.  You can supply these globally or per service object.

```ruby
require 'aws-sdk-core'

# Aws.config is used for default configuration.
# You can construct service object with the same options.
Aws.config = { access_key_id: '...', secret_access_key: '...', region: 'us-west-2' }
```

Additionally, the SDK will attempt to load these options from `ENV`:

    export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID='...'
    export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY='...'
    export AWS_REGION='us-west-2'

## Basic Usage

To make a request, you need to construct a service client.

```ruby
s3 = Aws::S3.new
s3 = Aws.s3 # helper method returns a new client
```

Each client provides one operation per API operation. Refer to the
[API documentation](http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/sdkforruby/api/frames.html)
for a complete list of available methods.

```ruby
# get a list of buckets in Amazon S3
resp = s3.list_buckets
puts resp.buckets.map(&:name)
```

API methods each accept a hash of params and return a structured response.

```ruby
resp = s3.list_objects(bucket: 'aws-sdk-core', max_keys: 2)
resp.contents.each do |object|
  puts "#{object.key} => #{object.etag}"
end
```

## Paging Responses

Many AWS operations limit the number of results returned with each response.
To make working with multiple pages of results simple, response objects are
enumerable:

```ruby
# without paging, get the first page of results only
resp = s3.list_objects(bucket:'aws-sdk')
resp.is_truncated? #=> true
puts resp.contents.map(&:key)

# with simple paging, yields once per page of results
s3.list_objects(bucket:'aws-sdk').each do |resp|
  puts resp.contents.map(&:key)
end
```

Many service API operations return only a portion of the available results in 

## Interactive Console

AWS SDK Core ships with a REPL that acts as an interactive console. You
can access the REPL by running `aws.rb` from the command line.

```ruby
$ aws.rb
Aws> ec2.describe_instances.reservations.first.instances.first
<struct
 instance_id="i-1234567",
 image_id="ami-7654321",
 state=<struct  code=16, name="running">,
 ...>
```

Call `#service_classes` to get a list of available service helpers and
the class they construct.

```ruby
Aws> service_classes
{:autoscaling=>Aws::AutoScaling,
 :cloudformation=>Aws::CloudFormation,
 :cloudfront=>Aws::CloudFront,
 :cloudsearch=>Aws::CloudSearch,
 ...
 :swf=>Aws::SWF}
```

## Versioning

This project uses [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/). When the project
leaves the developer preview state, we will continue by versioning from
`2.0`.  Until then, all versions will be suffixed by a release candidate
version.

## Supported Services

| Service Name                        | Service Class             | API Versions                   |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| Amazon CloudFront                   | Aws::CloudFront           | 2012-05-05 &mdash; 2013-08-26  |
| Amazon CloudSearch                  | Aws::CloudSearch          | 2011-02-01                     |
| Amazon CloudWatch                   | Aws::CloudWatch           | 2010-08-01                     |
| Amazon DynamoDB                     | Aws::DynamoDB             | 2011-12-05 &mdash; 2012-08-10  |
| Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud        | Aws::EC2                  | 2013-06-15 &mdash; 2013-10-01  |
| Amazon Elastic MapReduce            | Aws::EMR                  | 2009-03-31                     |
| Amazon Elastic Transcoder           | Aws::ElasticTranscoder    | 2012-09-25                     |
| Amazon ElastiCache                  | Aws::ElastiCache          | 2012-11-15 &mdash; 2013-06-15  |
| Amazon Glacier                      | Aws::Glacier              | 2012-06-01                     |
| Amazon Redshift                     | Aws::Redshift             | 2012-12-01                     |
| Amazon Relational Database Service  | Aws::RDS                  | 2013-01-10 &mdash; 2013-05-15  |
| Amazon Route 53                     | Aws::Route53              | 2012-12-12                     |
| Amazon Simple Email Service         | Aws::SES                  | 2010-12-01                     |
| Amazon Simple Notification Service  | Aws::SNS                  | 2010-03-31                     |
| Amazon Simple Queue Service         | Aws::SQS                  | 2012-11-05                     |
| Amazon Simple Storage Service       | Aws::S3                   | 2006-03-01                     |
| Amazon Simple Workflow Service      | Aws::SWF                  | 2012-01-25                     |
| Amazon SimpleDB                     | Aws::SDB                  | 2009-04-15                     |
| Auto Scaling                        | Aws::AutoScaling          | 2011-01-01                     |
| AWS CloudFormation                  | Aws::CloudFormation       | 2010-05-15                     |
| AWS Data Pipeline                   | Aws::DataPipeline         | 2012-10-29                     |
| AWS Direct Connect                  | Aws::DirectConnect        | 2012-10-25                     |
| AWS Elastic Beanstalk               | Aws::ElasticBeanstalk     | 2010-12-01                     |
| AWS Identity and Access Management  | Aws::IAM                  | 2010-05-08                     |
| AWS Import/Export                   | Aws::ImportExport         | 2010-06-01                     |
| AWS OpsWorks                        | Aws::OpsWorks             | 2013-02-18                     |
| AWS Security Token Service          | Aws::STS                  | 2011-06-15                     |
| AWS Storage Gateway                 | Aws::StorageGateway       | 2012-06-30 &mdash; 2013-06-30  |
| AWS Support                         | Aws::Support              | 2013-04-15                     |
| Elastic Load Balancing              | Aws::ElasticLoadBalancing | 2012-06-01                     |

## License

This library is distributed under the
[apache license, version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)

```no-highlight
copyright 2013. amazon web services, inc. all rights reserved.

licensed under the apache license, version 2.0 (the "license");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the license.
you may obtain a copy of the license at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/license-2.0

unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the license is distributed on an "as is" basis,
without warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied.
see the license for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the license.
```
